# Hidden-Objects-Game
## Hidden Pokemon 
Hidden Pokemon is a hidden objects themed game where players are supposed to find the listed Pokemon among a scene. By clicking on the sprites generated by the Pokemon API,
players gain points to win. The game uses HTML, CSS, and JS.

### API
Pokemon API to randomly generate Pokemon sprites and attached names.

### Features
1. Score
2. Pokemon sprites
3. List of Pokemon to find
4. Background environment image

### Stretch goals 
1. Location of Pokemon is truly randomized
2. Additional Pokemon added/additional difficulty levels
3. Additional Pokemon can be randomly generated as background characters and are not clickable, to increas difficulty and replay.

### Link
http://kg-project-one.surge.sh/

### Installation
Fork and clone https://github.com/PurpleTatsu/Hidden-Objects-Language-Game

### Approach
I created an array using Math.random to generate seven Pokemon ids, as they would appear on the Pokemon API. From there I created a for loop so I could call a random Pokemon seven times. Then I created and appended divs and a list for each Pokemon. I used a click function to erase Pokemon after clicking, and another to track the score.

### Issues
#### Struggles you encountered and how you solved them
Originally I had seven different calls to the API to generate the Pokemon and could not figure out how to make the function more concise. I sat down with a friend who had me write pseudo-code and ELI5 what I was expecting vs what I was getting. From there I realized I could build an array with random numbers using Math, and then create a loop with the API.

I was also unable to remove the sprites after being clicked after trying all number of suggestions found online, until the IA noticed I had extra code in my function which fixed my issue.

#### Problems you weren’t able to solve
I was not able to animate or independently move the Pokemon sprites (divs). I focused my week on calling the Pokemon, making sure they generated onto the website correctly, were clickable and disappeared after clicking. 

I also could not insert the environment (PokeCenter) image into the html without messing up the sprite images, and put it in the CSS as a background instead. This went on to affect my media query design.

#### Code that you are proud of
 I'm happy with the array and loop I created that generates random numbers to correspond to the Pokemon's IDs in the API, and then appends them to a list and div. Originally I had written out seven calls to the API to get an ID.